Hello and welcome to one
new succession of kites rising from the mountain
Today sunday that means today I greet
I'm back for a father today
stand on my paper and that
it is once more
I hope I have it right
the julia pronounced a little like
sure love greetings to the line
florian giese and jonas again courage yes
is good if you like that by the
Names on each other scribbles on everyone
to get on a piece of paper that one
can not read afterwards that one
wrote that was again one
master of mine oh man oh man
well then we make here once more
Cockatoos we always have the good ones
can not search again
have to go here for a while
level with it
would be a bit behind afterwards too
can continue to level because I'm on
each case with next on level 30
bring a little bit missing us now
for 27 but we'll get that guaranteed
still within this sequence
at the latest now and the storm is snowing
level 3 is 10 eur 18,000 fischer that
unfortunately we can not do that right now
we 're pretty much behind
against the fish so dan hacker
592,000 but it is already expensive
that he did not bring much more had you
how much does it cost in the storm fighter
fish
damn fix darn specially the
deadly nada from this brings 103,000
but never much improvement
we should probably do it then
already collect the cockatoo levels
We can do that relatively quickly
I would be full again now
so the others can say kite
so keep looking for a while like that
God, I can now more sick
many fish have too little value
to be worried there but we still make it
I need some fish again
that we will look for it again
can send otherwise the last
eternal to be completed by hesebeck west
is crazy is here is yes
Beyond Good and Evil
ok you need 400 fischer for it
globex to cite fifi fish some
the part was that again I think
America was where they were traveling
It was supposed to have been that
okay we have enough fish but now
you can not continue for now
train I think today we have
still to look for space
besides , he collects water anyway
just over 4000 wood you have to
still collect with the sick and 10,000
fish we still have left the fish is
that annoying because then i really can
good fish collectors will not let go
send
that is stupid that we are not not good
ok we could age the gigantic
also continue to train is also
not so badly expensive now
catch the trap sometimes with the
hand still burst so expensive was the now
just not okay again we collect
through again and then I would
say try our luck again
in the fleet this time I will
try to attack from above
without 10 right here you have something
found
An anchor that's great
that means number anchor number one
We already there should see that we
come on ran that would be really hot
In any case, so we go now
first to fleet 33 I said try
to attack from above this time because of me
think that's the case here
more meaningful to attack from below that he
really clear all the ships out of the way
or at the bottom
Of course, a possibility would be me too
I think my last time of about
attack him head-on without a tooth
I think we just try it
to send downstairs
now, without paying, you can rest
because the front ship blow away
there gets so no harm there is
completely out of reach
I think now we need here so
Exactly I hold the other kites
ever going to see on the big
yes, but then it also makes way
look there that was here now
It's supposed to be totally easy
now noticed that here hicks on
sits on it without a tooth
clearly he must be able to pay without yes
not fly anyway
I must back di di di di di
tail of the classic
rudder tail on the tail
control
Well that was a bad idea again
back to insidious things even
We were able to save all three keys
fish very well where more fish still
better and five gears okay astrid
what exactly does hicks especially not have
thought of the book mr dragon hexagon
Outwitted he has some time for him now
procures a secret weapon
to manufacture and felix he thinks now
really like a chief but tell him
not that I said that their tics
sour again
ok so contis so at least one
little bit of our fish on the spot again
brush up
that is not bad
Well
where do we get these send from
things here in a hacker doda in
looking for Schopfheim then we are looking for
Let's paint hkd here
invest a little bit of pure rein or
not for fish in the end it is yes
for fish
Well, that's what I would say
I say goodbye again
We have you with us today
we have no interesting letter
Unfortunately, there is no such thing as a Sturmfels partner
I have just looked more
there are only crane partners and well
I do not necessarily feel sick now
so great, I must have honestly say though
cute but are like the strong collector
i can not fight yet
judge but I believe now
actually that's how they are now
outstanding so are so until tuesday
let her love and have a nice rest
Sunday